docs: update development basics regarding 'make update' (#2215)
freifunk-gluon/gluon: docs/dev/basics.rst

`make update` also applies the patches that can be found in the directories found in
`patches`; the resulting branch will be called `patched`, while the commit specified in `modules`
can be referred to by the branch `base`.

> To separately call `make update` was choosen, to let you decide when to update and reset the external

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The separately call `make update` was choosen to let you decide when to update and reset the external
```

Reviewer 2: This sounds like you misread the sentence?

> repos. This will prevent potential loss of commits during local development and allow building Gluon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repos. This avoids potential loss of commits during local development and allows building Gluon
```

`make update` also applies the patches that can be found in the directories found in
`patches`; the resulting branch will be called `patched`, while the commit specified in `modules`
can be referred to by the branch `base`.
To separately call `make update` was choosen, to let you decide when to update and reset the external
repos. This will prevent potential loss of commits during local development amd allow building Gluon

> without the need of having an internet connection.

Reviewer 2: Not really, given that `make download` is a thing.

Author: I assume you are referencing to OpenWrts make download. But that's out of Gluons Makefile ...

Anyway I updated the sentence, as I found a typo.
